feat(gpu): add driver install doc (#2983)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/troubleshooting/install-nvidia-drivers-ubuntu.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Installing NVIDIA drivers on Ubuntu 22.04
  description: This section provides information on how to install NVIDIA drivers on Ubuntu 22.04
content:
  h1: Installing NVIDIA drivers on Ubuntu 22.04
  paragraph:  This section provides information on how to install NVIDIA Drivers on Ubuntu 22.04
tags: gpu driver nvidia-driver unbuntu l4 l40s
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-27
  posted: 2024-03-27
categories:
  - compute
---

In this guide, we will walk you through the process of installing NVIDIA drivers for L4/L40S GPU Instances on a customized Ubuntu 22.04 image, adapted from the default OS image. 

<Message type="important">
    **This guide is for advanced users.**
    Scaleway does not provide official support for custom OS images. This documentation aims to offer guidance to expert users interested in creating their own GPU image setups. We encourage users to use our GPU OS 12 images, which are ready to use and maintained by Scaleway.
</Message>

<Message type="note">

>    Before installation, it's important to identify the correct NVIDIA driver version for your system. You can check the recommended driver versions from the official [NVIDIA drivers website](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/drivers/unix/).

Author: ```suggestion
   Before installation, it is important to identify the correct NVIDIA driver version for your system. You can check the recommended driver versions from the official [NVIDIA drivers website](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/drivers/unix/).
```

    This eliminates the need to install CUDA and cuDNN separately. Only the NVIDIA driver and NVIDIA Docker are required. The NGC Docker images contain the correct versions of CUDA, cuDNN, etc. 
    This approach offers several benefits:
        - Ability to choose your preferred framework and version.
        - Ready-to-use setup (CUDA, cuDNN, Python, etc.).
        - Building your custom Docker image on top of Nvidia images.
        - Portable code (Local, Instance, K8S/Slurm clusters).
        - Up-to-date with the latest Nvidia fixes and optimizations.
    </Message>

5. After installation, confirm the drivers are working correctly by running:
    ```
    sudo nvidia-smi
    ```
   This command should display information about the installed NVIDIA GPU(s) and their status.

   <Message type="tip">
      Depending on your specific requirements, you may need to perform additional configuration steps, such as setting environment variables or adjusting kernel parameters. Refer to the official NVIDIA documentation for guidance on these configurations.
   </Message>

> ## Troubleshooting (Optional)

Author: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
```
